Timeout support for dynamic log levels (#5550)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/production/logging/update-log-level-dynamically.md

The log level change is propagated to all NGINX worker nodes, including the newly spawned workers.

> {:.important}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{:.note}
```

> > Be careful when changing the log level of a node to `debug` in a production environment, because the disk could fill up quickly. As soon as the debug logging finishes, revert back to a higher level such as `notice`, **or** specify a `timeout` as a request querystring parameter when issuing a request to modify the log level. To ensure stability, the `timeout` for all dynamically set log levels is 60 seconds **by default**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Changing the log level to `debug` in a production environment can rapidly fill up the disk. After debug logging, switch back to a higher level like `notice` or use a `timeout` parameter in the request query string. **The default timeout for dynamically set log levels is 60 seconds**.
```
